Fix description about PPM popup behavior change (#1216)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/guides/security/privacy-related-permissions.md

For a list of privacy-related privileges, see [Security and API Privileges](../../tutorials/sec-privileges.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Since Tizen 5.5, if the caller app component type is UI app then the pop-ups by `requestPermission()` and `requestPermissions()` are launched as `group mode` with the caller apps.

Reviewer: How about below little changes?
```suggestion
> Since Tizen 5.5, if the caller application component type is UI application, then the pop-ups by `requestPermission()` and `requestPermissions()` are launched as `group mode` with the caller application.
```

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho yes looks fine.
